Welcome to the people of this world of Innovation, Culture, Respect & Humanity. We are on the urge of technology & it had an impressive impact on our mankind in the last decade. Right from advancements in agriculture to space exploration, we have accomplished incredible feats and we have done it all. Everything that goes in the surroundings is the way we thought it would be, So innovation plays a major role in making it possible. We appreciate and respect the desperate Scientists, Innovators, Specialist doctors, Archeologists, Acharya’s of ancient history and brave-hearted soldiers who have made supreme sacrifices for our nation. I pledge to work for the betterment of our motherland. 

Hi, I’m Akshay Mhatre, 2nd year student pursuing a Degree in Electronics and Computer Science at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, Mumbai. Word technology silently says that it is difficult to get it but not impossible, that is where innovation lies, along with the path to success you don’t get to imagine the challenges that may come to your path but still you stay focused on your goal. Unexpected challenges can arise, but I strongly believe that staying focused on your goals is key. When I encounter an idea, I try to approach it from every angle, brainstorming and structuring it in the most efficient way possible to bring it to life. I constantly strive to sharpen my skills, and craft, and improve my art of work, always aiming for perfection. I believe that my innovative approach and dedication to my work make me a valuable asset to any team.  

As a SEA CADET, I have always respected and followed the rules of discipline, which have helped me become capable and dedicated to achieving my vision. I strongly believe that we can achieve incredible outcomes only if we commit ourselves to our goals and improve the art of discipline towards the work we do. Putting a signature on your work every day makes you one step closer to your goals.

This commitment has made me more disciplined and dedicated to improving my skills and knowledge in the field of hardware and software.
